Shell Scripting Setup Steps are as Follows :
1. First setup EC2 AWS instance name:linux-server, AMI:Ubuntu, Instance Type: T2 or T3micro, Security Group:allow SSh port(22)
   Cretae KeyPair: eg. server.pem

2. launch Instance

3. Now connect instance First open Gitbash in your laptop, and open that folder where your pem file is located eg. it is download folder so you have to write command in gitbash like
    cd Download then 
type ls check server.pem is downloaded. Then go to SSh block eg. copy {chmod 400 "server.pem"} This command without curly bracket and paste it into git bash

4. Then Copy Example command: ssh -i "server.pem" ubuntu@ec2-3-109-152-9.ap-south-1.compute.amazonaws.com 

5. now you can succesfully login in ubuntu using ssh

For write shell script we have these 4 things
1. Bash
2. Linux sysytem 
3. SSh connection
4. Text Editor like (Vim, Vi)
5. Execution
  
How to write shell script : (Example)
#!/bin/bash
echo "Teacher: Hello Student"
echo "Student: Hello Mam"
echo "Today we learn Shell Script"
echo "Ok MAm!!"

How to Exexcute Shell Script :
If your filee name is hello.sh
then for exceuting you have to run this command 
./hello.sh

Now i am creating & Executing One shell script End-to-End
mkdir Demo
ls 
Demo
cd Demo
Demo: vim hello.sh
In text editor vim we have to write shell script like:
click on I button open Insert mode
write script:
#!/bin/bash
echo "Teacher: Hello Student"
echo "Student: Hello Mam"
echo "Today we learn Shell Script"
echo "Ok MAm!!"
click on escape button
type-  :wq and enter

Now we have to check permission so type
ls -l hello.sh
so you get -rw-rw-r-- like wise so, you have to do execute permission

Type chmod 764 hello.sh {You give any of permission but execute permission is mandatory}
then again check ls-l hello.sh
so you get -rwxrw-r-- this permission

Now you can execute you shell script like:
./hello.sh 

so you will get 
Teacher: Hello Student
Student: Hello Mam
Teacher: Today we learn Shell Script
Student: Ok MAm!!




